Wes Smith: Hey. Hey, Michelle.
Richelle Direny: So what's know I know you had been kind of
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and off for a little while.
Wes Smith: Yeah, it's been a, it's been bad crime buyers and got me a
Richelle Direny: Good thing.
Richelle Direny: That's a good thing. Um,
Richelle Direny: So you
Richelle Direny: All over again are you, I just taken like a small yeah
Wes Smith: Yeah, I had. Yeah.
Wes Smith: Yeah, I started. We're back. I stopped by August and down in Cincinnati.
Wes Smith: And I've been doing a lot better and I figured out a call my out of the blue, and it was them it was, you know, it's just like, well, I might as well just re go restart like I did. I left on my terms. Yeah, I mean, cuz it was what I was around
Wes Smith: Around
Richelle Direny: The Cincinnati. Like, that's why I fell off.
Richelle Direny: You said you had moved me. Yeah.
Wes Smith: Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, Cincinnati, Ohio. Yeah. And I've been on her been talking to God. This is literally like a star restart with you guys soon as I got down here.
Wes Smith: And
Wes Smith: I don't know. It's like meant to be. I feel like yeah i mean i'm sorry i left on those those terms that last time. I mean, it just roll out like that. But yeah, I started back in
Wes Smith: Much middle of March, like it was
Wes Smith: And sort of talk to him again.
Wes Smith: And yes, my first individually.
Richelle Direny: OK.
Wes Smith: OK, I have to see. Um, are you there.
Richelle Direny: I think good. I've been gone. I know, I know the last time we see each other, kind of like when you were in the program. I know you weren't doing too well because a whole lot of happened.
Richelle Direny: Back fan. I feel like it's almost been a year.
Wes Smith: Yeah, it has almost been yeah
Wes Smith: I'll just when I stopped and I were in the death of my ex and
Wes Smith: I found some I thought somebody else and she's helped me through a lot and I didn't think I'd find somebody else here. I mean, and I finally found somebody else.
Wes Smith: Came like unexpectedly, and I like it. I mean, I love it. I love them. I mean like I feel like it's a different. It's a second chance. You know, I mean,
Wes Smith: I know and I'm grateful to her. I mean rituals are name and yeah that that was a lot here yeah i mean i mentally down billion dollar better. I said that
Wes Smith: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You are, you are
Wes Smith: A lot better.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Wes Smith: Oh yeah, I was a mess.
Richelle Direny: Oh no, I know cuz you flipped out on me, one of the days.
Wes Smith: I know I'm so I'm so
Richelle Direny: Good. I know you are having the way you flipped out on me about family. I was my. Oh, he's not having a good day at home.
Wes Smith: I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: Oh no. You're good, you're good.
Wes Smith: I'm glad to see you're still, you're still a group leader and shit.
Wes Smith: I'm really glad to see it. You're still group leader and stuff. I was like, Wow, so maybe she'll recognize me. I mean,
Wes Smith: Yeah, well,
Richelle Direny: That's that's new.
Wes Smith: due west is bad.
Richelle Direny: But you're on.
Richelle Direny: Your way with Natalie, though.
Richelle Direny: You hear me, though, right.
Wes Smith: Yeah yeah
Wes Smith: Yeah, back in October, because I was on cares for still
Wes Smith: Remember, they called me Christmas didn't these like let me know I asked me, you know. Question files doing good stuff and
Wes Smith: It was like you're the only person in America and care source that's with them, and she was asking me questions like, is it good director menu to other cares was patients. I was like, yeah.
Wes Smith: Yeah, it's really the best place I've ever been to. That's what I tell everybody like I've ever heard. Say I go to some level, but he was like, well,
Wes Smith: I think I got the best one. Anybody could ever ask for. I mean, takes all the strife, all that other out. We'll have to worry about scheduling only schedule.
Wes Smith: I always always praise You guys ever
Richelle Direny: Know you talking about the insurance, you're saying that you're the only one that they know that with that particular insurance.
Wes Smith: That's what they said Accord. Yeah, I can. October as a second offer. I was on careful with you guys all care source.
Wes Smith: Like, I don't know if that's changed since then. I'm sure it has, as you guys probably getting a lot of notoriety mean because deserve it, but I've told people just don't give me thank white bread. Today was the day and all that every week.
Wes Smith: In take us home. People don't be me. I guess I don't
Wes Smith: miss the bus. I always I always give out your guns number. No, I mean,
Wes Smith: Nobody thinks that it's that easy. I don't think I think they think I'm lying. It's like, why would I lie.
You know,
Richelle Direny: You talking about with bright heart and how the program is
Wes Smith: Yeah, how you guys are like it's a lot more easier than a lot of places. So I told him I was like, you know, I mean a cut right to the chase and human you get your counseling or about diet. Yeah.
Wes Smith: Because, you know, and then always about a medicine that a lot of people and and
Wes Smith: Me too. I like my counseling.
Wes Smith: And
Wes Smith: I got to talk through it and stuff.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, um, you know, I think they have you
Wes Smith: Tomorrow I have a
Wes Smith: Group with you tomorrow.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. What happened on last week because you didn't come to any other last week.
Wes Smith: Yeah, it was a this this
Wes Smith: I had a thing where I went to mayor's court out of Adams County and I was in jail, and it was something from 2014 an old, old thing.
Wes Smith: And I did like a week until they went back to court and I mean I just got it all done now.
Wes Smith: It was just a Mayor's court like it's a village court, it's, it's, it's not even a county court. It's mayor's it's
Wes Smith: Like village stuff and it was from 2014 the old charge was. It was a theft, I think, and attempted that
Wes Smith: I didn't even do nothing. I went I rushed for cigarettes. They said, and I didn't even touch them salsa and I shouldn't apply it out to it back in the day.
Wes Smith: But it was like a, it's like a village court thing. So I was in jail, but I called him and told him that and let them know and you know i mean plus they love me out because of me, they would let me on anyway but that coronavirus I got everybody getting out.
Wes Smith: Big time or during doing jail time now, but
Richelle Direny: He said what the coronavirus they're letting people out
Wes Smith: Oh yeah, they're letting felons out and stuff because
Wes Smith: It's crazy.
Richelle Direny: But they aren't you in a better place.
Richelle Direny: I mean greens and no you're not in a better place being incarcerated, but
Richelle Direny: In light of everything.
Wes Smith: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm a small time really small time. It's not even a county county court like it's like village in and that's that was Adams County and
Wes Smith: Because I was down there and I was seeing my mom and got cut, you know, I mean, I ran my name, but I'm back up here in Cincinnati and doing good.
Wes Smith: Do a lot better. I think for. Yeah. That's why I missed. And I called him. I let him know I said that was fine and I let them know yeah I mean all disclosure didn't hear me leave anything out. But other than that, I'm fine should have no more problems with that and doing good now.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I do see they have you here to do our session today should be a bio but
Richelle Direny: Given that you have in February of last year, like a little over a year ago. I want to see if they want, you have to do another one. Because, let's see.
Wes Smith: Everything. Yeah. Yeah, I think that's what they said.
Richelle Direny: They told you you had to do another one.
Wes Smith: Yeah, I think, I think I said they said it was like a restart restart. I don't know for sure. Are you talking about like the individual counseling.
Richelle Direny: No, no, no.
Richelle Direny: The counseling counseling is different. It's the initial like that but you know like whenever you go into a treatment program to go through like your whole history again.
Wes Smith: All women. I did that I did that with the
Wes Smith: Lady that does
Richelle Direny: God, you did it with Jody back in 30
Wes Smith: Yes, that's probably that's probably it but
Richelle Direny: I have to find out if you need to do another one. I'm gonna
Richelle Direny: I'm gonna say, I don't know why you have to do another one. Um, but, but, you know what I'm gonna if you have to do another one. What I'll do is I'll make this a regular session.
Richelle Direny: And then we'll schedule another session because I was going to schedule it anyway.
Richelle Direny: And then we'll see if if I do need to do another one. Then the next session. I'll just do it.
Richelle Direny: I'll confirm it with you tomorrow. Oh.
Richelle Direny: You just did one
Wes Smith: February, sorry.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, last year you did because you started, I guess, whenever you started, you did it in February.
Wes Smith: And then was right before. What's your name,
Wes Smith: Yes, it was right for the passing because I do remember now.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it was working for her.
Wes Smith: Passing. Yep.
Richelle Direny: Yes, because you had just started the program. I know you had to
Wes Smith: Do really good. Yeah.
Wes Smith: I was doing like two weeks scripts on number starting on last last Valentine's Day.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So where are you are you seeing, are you seeing an outside counselor or a psychiatrist or anything like that.
Wes Smith: No, no. I did have a primary care physician, but I have to get a new one. Since I'm down here. Come on, find a new one number to find a dentist all that down here, but
Richelle Direny: Where are you seeing a psychiatrist before leaving
Wes Smith: No, no.
Richelle Direny: Okay. You were never prescribed antidepressants or anything like that.
Richelle Direny: Did you say you just went to. You were incarcerated recently.
Wes Smith: Yes. Yeah, yeah, I was counting
Wes Smith: That was when I missed the
Wes Smith: The counseling with you got regular group counseling.
Richelle Direny: It was for a case old case.
Yeah.
Wes Smith: Old stuff. It's all taken care of. Now,
Wes Smith: It's pretty much like I did my jail time for it.
Wes Smith: It's crazy that I even do jail time for stuff that old that's that small
Richelle Direny: Um, I also see here that hold on.
Richelle Direny: I also see here
Richelle Direny: Now you. I don't know if you are aware, if you remember the one group that you came to a head told you that we have groups, I'm
Richelle Direny: At 12 and six on Thursday.
Wes Smith: Was this the first time I was coming.
Richelle Direny: Know what i i think it was in the first group that you came. I had made the announcement. So now on Thursdays.
Richelle Direny: If you don't make it to the 12 noon group.
Wes Smith: You could call. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I'm group.
Wes Smith: Six. Okay, so if I wasn't to make it to the 12 I could call you guys let you know be there for the six
Richelle Direny: Yeah. And you see how I sent you a message to remind you
Wes Smith: Yes, I did. Yes, I did. What makes sense. That makes sense.
Richelle Direny: So y'all just say, you know, just just come to the see either you had either one.
Richelle Direny: either one or the six i mean i
Wes Smith: Think that's something you guys just implemented. Implemented
Wes Smith: Because I didn't remember it being the last time when I was at the 12 to 612 or six one I like.
Richelle Direny: No, no, I just implemented that that's that's a meeting. I did that because if the groups are too big at 12
Richelle Direny: That's a whole lot of people
Richelle Direny: So I thought it would be best.
Wes Smith: To just split. Good. That's a good decision maker. I like that.
Richelle Direny: And then, and I also just started implementing for people that I meet with to send reminders.
Wes Smith: Okay, because sometimes you know
Richelle Direny: If you, if you schedule a session, you know, two weeks out or three weeks out
Richelle Direny: Sometimes people don't remember. So I try my best to remind everybody during the group time so like the first few minutes of group. I'll go over to remind everybody about their sessions their upcoming sessions. Also I send these reminders and I always tell, I encourage everyone
Richelle Direny: You know, just send me the same number that I text you on just send me, you know, if you're unable to make it to group or like in a situation, you know, sometimes people go into the hospital or there's a family crisis, something that's going on just
Richelle Direny: To say, Hey, Michelle. I'm not able to make it to individual or I'm not going to be able to make it to group.
Wes Smith: Is there, but I remember that you
Richelle Direny: Have
Wes Smith: That and bring
Richelle Direny: That number
Wes Smith: I did text say okay, earlier I thought that was confirmation that you know
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes, yes, but I'm just saying if you ever need to make a change, or what have you, or who can't make to a session or whatever the situation is just that same number just
Richelle Direny: Respond just let me know.
And I can always
Richelle Direny: You know, make any adjustments as as far as your appointment times but for medication, getting your medication.
Richelle Direny: You know, I can always send a message.
Richelle Direny: Now, the only thing that I would say is that if it comes down to like you're constantly sending me messages here, but you're not showing up to group or the individual
Wes Smith: Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's a you know don't have the privilege kind of thing. You know, like that that's that's kind of just what I'm saying.
Richelle Direny: I'm here for you.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Wes Smith: Why I was like that you're over punctual like that because I do, you know, two weeks out. I did put it, my calendar that you told me, and I put it in my calendar and I just got the notification like two hours before
Wes Smith: But, uh,
Wes Smith: Yeah, I like it that you're you're implementing better
Wes Smith: That's that's the stuff that's going to skyrocket you to the top. Rochelle You doing pretty good.
Wes Smith: Mold needs counseling groups into you know mean something that's better structure foundation that they you know mean they'll, they'll, you know, make a precedent on probably I think you're doing good.
Wes Smith: I'm glad to see that you're still
Wes Smith: Not yeah I really was. I was like, I was thinking I was gonna get out cuz I got a new doctor and stuff. And I was like, wow, she's doing good, she's sticking to it. Don't worry.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's like it's convenient for you. It's convenient for me because I'm here, I'm not having to get my car and drive somewhere.
Richelle Direny: Right here.
Wes Smith: That's what I'm saying. That's why I tell people, like always praise you guys for like nobody believes me. I don't think I'm but I always give them the number and I know you guys number off the top of my head day for for
Richelle Direny: I you know what it is. I think it's just one of those things because I do hear people they say when they were looking it up.
Richelle Direny: They become a little skeptical. And I think the skepticism comes in because it's online and you know because of the way it's that everybody's used to going to a facility.
Richelle Direny: Young someone and being apart. So it's what you're used to. So when you're going for a change or something new. You're always going to question like, is that legit. Like how is that going to work. So the more
Richelle Direny: And it's not the bright heart is not something that I see them to a whole lot of advertising on TV or
Anything.
Wes Smith: Or I'm sorry I was talking. I'm sorry, I just had my dad his glasses. Very good, because
Richelle Direny: You were living with them before you were living with your brother. Right.
Wes Smith: Yeah, yeah, me and my dad. We've been sharing the rent up here at this apartment and my girlfriend. My dad, he's, uh, yeah. I mean, he's doing good.
Wes Smith: He's been doing really good. I'm proud of him.
Wes Smith: He just he did a 10 year been in prison from 2009 over
Wes Smith: Something so small of a drug. And you know, I mean they racking. He just got out and he's been working cell towers. You don't do drugs, no more promise that
Wes Smith: He's on product and like you don't you don't mess around. He knows the work he's off today because I guess the forecast said that there wasn't there was gonna be rain all week. Last week, so
Wes Smith: His boss was like, oh, can always, you know, the weatherman is always going to tell you something doesn't mean it's the truth. Yeah.
Wes Smith: Really good. I'm proud of him. He's got a nice he's got mean him made it yeah well yeah department and I've been staying here with him. I've been paying but he's doing good. He's got a car. He's been he's a veteran, you know, mean anyway.
Wes Smith: He just
Richelle Direny: He is a veteran.
Wes Smith: Yeah, used to he used to jump out of planes. Back in the 80s, but it was piece time. So then you know i mean putting an award.
Richelle Direny: He gets better. He gets he gets benefits as a veteran.
Wes Smith: Yeah yeah yeah he, uh, he, uh, like I said, he's 57 years old and he's really good shape, dudes. It looks like it's 35
Wes Smith: I'm proud of you, man. You don't really good
Wes Smith: And
Wes Smith: Yeah, I mean my girlfriend.
Wes Smith: I see the girl. I'm with now she was a girl I was with before Stacy and we got together and
Wes Smith: You know, I mean we we did. We never had bad terms, but we just didn't work out back in the past, but since it was December 24 Christmas Eve. When we got together.
Wes Smith: And I'll tell you what I really didn't think I'd find love again hand and I know that sounds corny and cliche, but it's true. And I found somebody that is with me and 100% I'm with them and I'm happier. I'm a lot happier a lot happier. I'll tell you that.
Richelle Direny: That's good to
Richelle Direny: Hear
Richelle Direny: Some tips about are not some tips to just share because like I said, the last time I met with you back in
Wes Smith: The
Richelle Direny: Gloomy to get September I know like you were going through a whole lot. You were still grieving the loss of your arm, your girlfriend at the time.
Richelle Direny: I'm still trying to pull through and not being in necessarily
Richelle Direny: The best situation or what have you, like, what was it that helped you from
Richelle Direny: You know, then till now meeting like even up until meeting your new girlfriend like what are some things that you did and what are some things that you implemented to help you to get through that time.
Wes Smith: You don't mind. When I first transition get was Rachel, the new my new girlfriend.
Richelle Direny: Prior to that, I'm just saying from the last time I saw you. I think I want to say was like back in
Wes Smith: August or September August
Wes Smith: August. Yep.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so from August to now. Like, what are some things that you did going through the grieving process and just kind of like you said you weren't in a good space that thing it was
Richelle Direny: It was hard.
Wes Smith: But yeah, let's see things I did, I gotta say I got my brother's place i think i think that's what really helped me a lot like I was I was out there.
Wes Smith: And you know, I mean, it's out of town a little bit and it was just getting me down, and there was just certain people that were coming around.
Wes Smith: And I gotta say it's got to be some of that a lot of that was the fact that I was around, you know, not the people that I should have been around.
Wes Smith: And that's part of the reason i'm not blaming nobody I blamed myself for leaving you guys, I'm going to sit there and say somebody else made me leave you guys
Wes Smith: Nobody made me leave you guys, I think it was getting out of that space and feeling like I'm alive again you know i because ever since from February to August and sep tember I was out there.
Wes Smith: And soon as I quit with you guys. I remember a couple weeks later I left there and I just started, you know, stretching my feet again getting out there.
Wes Smith: And and little by little you know mean like this person that I'm with now is we've been together before Stacy and you know I mean like we rekindled that old flame and we didn't leave on bad terms and you know mean she's a good person good girls don't do drugs.
Wes Smith: And I think that was part of the reason why I didn't really want to stay with her back in the day because she didn't do drugs really good girl. Beautiful.
Wes Smith: You know, I mean, like everything, like, you know, God would want. And I guess it was boring to me back then. But now that I'm settling down. I'm getting older and life is just short
Wes Smith: It was a lot to answer your question, I'm copying off the subject answer your question. It was getting out of my brother's place and around that toxicity that was
Wes Smith: It really was suppose that it was getting away from that place.
Richelle Direny: But how did what at what, how did you, how were you able to identify because it's very important. What you said is very important because even though you were grieving the loss of your
Richelle Direny: Girlfriend. It's very hard to grieve it authentically in a very clean way when you have so many other things that was going on. So how were you
Richelle Direny: Able to identify that movie.
Richelle Direny: Right in that environment.
Richelle Direny: Was what you needed to do.
Wes Smith: Yes. Yeah, yeah.
Wes Smith: And people
Wes Smith: And people you're breaking out. I thought were
Wes Smith: supporting me but was it
Richelle Direny: You said that he was you thought he was gonna support you.
Wes Smith: Yeah, I thought me but he really wasn't, you know, I mean, he wanted to see my downfall. Like, I still
Wes Smith: I mean, and even after getting with this girl like he was trying to, you know,
Wes Smith: Bring us apart, it was just like, and I'm not even a rounding them more. And it was just like, damn it really showing shoe collars, man. Like, I don't know, sometimes family console you sides of them.
Wes Smith: Like this is a game and you might be just because you got a pretty girl and you came out of the
Wes Smith: Out of the deep depression that they seem to go through that they stay. They even helped you get out of some of it.
Wes Smith: And then it's like, once they see you getting out there and getting on your own and and not even needing them.
Wes Smith: And they see that you know you got a great girl that loves him once you and you don't need nothing for it. Like, you don't need drugs or money or
Wes Smith: You know, and a lot of people can't fathom that, how is that happening. You know, like, and it's like, I don't know, there's something in me that I like that she likes. I don't know. That's a lot of her. I like
Wes Smith: And I don't know if you're right, though it to come from something authentic identify that to have a real epiphany. You're right. And you know, I started seeing the crowd. I was around. I didn't like, you know, I even left you guys so
Richelle Direny: Much
Richelle Direny: Like, what was that wake up call for you or what was like for you to recognize that. Okay, I need to tell people
Richelle Direny: To it shows a lot of zillion in the middle of your depression and the depth of your depression and the depth of your grief.
Richelle Direny: In the depth of your despair, with all you have to be able by yourself to say, I have to change. I have to do something different. What made you get to that point where you decided to work yourself out of that and move away.
Wes Smith: After you guys, it was probably could be except my eyes and I started messing around with her again and it sounds bad.
Wes Smith: But the heroin. I think doing that stupid stuff made me want to get away from. I don't know. It was weird. It
Wes Smith: It was there around me at my brothers, but it made me want to get away from it is as bad as it sounds, the heroin made me
Wes Smith: Open my eyes when I started doing it again and I bumped off you guys and no bad terms or anything. I just stopped going. And I explained that to
Wes Smith: Integrity and everything. We talked about that, uh, you know, I mean, once I started doing that and I left because we left on bad terms. Me and my brother did a little bit. Then we you know we know talked it out.
Wes Smith: But I feel like me getting high again made me open my eyes to certain things that I wasn't seeing when I was depressed because that heroin made me feel
Wes Smith: Well, I've again made me feel you know uppity again. And you know, I started seeing, you know, when I left that there was hatred coming my way for being on my own and it sounds bad, but sometimes the things that that binds you can be your salvation. Sometimes I'm not saying that.
Richelle Direny: That's my case but I
Wes Smith: Think to that that's that's what it was.
Wes Smith: It was kind of weird and things that to me was some of the things that help we offer. Yeah, I mean, it's hard to explain, because I wasn't on the heroin too long after I was there in and out of it. And then I stopped doing it back in.
Wes Smith: Into February this year.
Wes Smith: Like right on the anniversary and my girlfriend, she don't like it you know she didn't like that and quit for, like I said, I've been coming. You guys ever since beginning of March.
Wes Smith: Yeah, beginning March, and I think mid March. Yeah, some of the things that helped by me was the salvation. I feel like
Wes Smith: But
Richelle Direny: When you say the salvation in regards to reference to what
Wes Smith: What is it
Richelle Direny: I said, when you say in this topic. So I'm looking
Richelle Direny: In what terms.
Wes Smith: Though your question again, you were kind of cutting up my bad, I'm sure.
Richelle Direny: I said, when you said that the salvation is what buying. I mean, was to help you get that
Wes Smith: Going away from it what what we're bonding with part of myself. Yeah.
Wes Smith: That mean getting high again was part of the thing that helped
Wes Smith: It's hard to explain.
Wes Smith: Because, you know, it's hard to explain. Because sometimes I'm not, I'm not sticking up for drugs, you're not
Wes Smith: Getting it right here.
Wes Smith: Getting it sometimes life is weird in a way where when you do get high. You might open your eyes a little bit like because I felt more alive.
Wes Smith: And you always come on my depression. Like I said I was a little bit more and then in my brother seen that he didn't like it, you know, and from a good place in his heart. He wanted to somewhat take care of me. It helped me. You know what I mean. So I can't say that it's all malicious
Wes Smith: You know, but same time he wasn't doing anything to help
Wes Smith: The incubator. My, my, my force coming out of that.
Richelle Direny: And then he would rather
Richelle Direny: Action between kind of that place where you were.
Richelle Direny: You relaxing and going and getting back. Hi again and did. I did.
Richelle Direny: You just say, you know, did you just say after getting high get like this is not the life for me. Like, I don't want to do this or like, what, what, like what was that wake up call for you. What was that, that moment of I need to do something better. I want a different life.
Wes Smith: When I got with my girlfriend, because I knew that life is short and I knew that. It's like that's not why I got what my girlfriend, but I knew that life is short and
Wes Smith: You know, if I keep getting high. And I want to at least make some good memories, you know, I mean, and I got a lot of good ones, but I knew that. It's just can't go on forever. It really can't shows got to stop, you know,
Wes Smith: And that's why, that's what I mean. And I'm not lying. I. That's how I feel. So does have to end with that.
Wes Smith: That show, you know, not everything is going to be feeling good old time, you know, you gotta take the pain with the pleasure, I guess so.
Now,
Richelle Direny: That she has a history of addiction to or
Wes Smith: No, she just smoked weed pass
Wes Smith: Okay, so you
Richelle Direny: Had that meeting has helped you a lot.
Wes Smith: A lot. Yeah, definitely. Well, I didn't meet her. Like I said, we've been. We've been around each other before since 2017
Wes Smith: On and off and then I got with Stacy and I stayed with Stacy, and it wasn't like I stayed with her over her know we we we had a split and
Wes Smith: I don't know. We just bumped into each other again it just happened like it was perfect. It was perfect. Now I feel like
Wes Smith: You know me and get her that helped me out a lot. Did it saved me from puking excuse my language did it, send me from like more depression upon depression, of course, I still have depression but it ain't from her name stemming from her something she's doing or I'm not
Wes Smith: It's the fact that, you know, depression sticks, but it doesn't. It ain't with me. Like it was when
Wes Smith: You see me. You see me at my word. You did you see me at my bad, my bad. I remember, I mean, I was a mess.
Richelle Direny: You know, but I mean, but even the depression you had that was. I mean, would you say would you say you've had that depression pre the loss of your girlfriend.
Wes Smith: A not that deep
Richelle Direny: No, I'm not talking about dance. I'm just talking about depression just period.
Wes Smith: Oh, yeah, yeah. Always. Hi, everybody. I feel like everybody's got a little depression moments in life. I mean, but
Wes Smith: Depends on how far they go, you know, everybody's got some sort of, you know, pain, were some kind of completion or conviction in them, you know, I mean like
Wes Smith: I feel like everybody does. But you know, I mean, no. No, I wasn't. I never had like bad bad depression. I always did in my own way. Because, you know, I mean, I just felt like it wasn't always going to work out the best, but no, no. To answer your question.
Wes Smith: But I'm doing good. I feel like I don't need a psychiatry string thing is like I feel like counseling drug counseling is a lot is good for me.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Wes Smith: I want to stay punctual and stay on it. And I'm sorry I missed that last one.
Wes Smith: Okay, I'll be there and you pay sound like if you were incarcerated. I don't think you had much choice.
Richelle Direny: There you can be like, I need a phone.
Richelle Direny: To get my group.
Wes Smith: I don't want you guys because you guys been left by me before, you know, I mean, so I'm thinking in my mind they're thinking that I'm doing this shit again.
Wes Smith: And I'm not, you know, I mean, you guys have felt that before so I don't want you to think that
Wes Smith: You know, I mean, that's why I was like I don't I don't I don't want to just feel like I bumped off again because I did. I went without a trace on you guys. Last time, and it wasn't bad terms, it wasn't nothing like that. I just
Wes Smith: Stopped going I started, like I said, the toxicity that people my environment, AND I WAS STUCK OUT THERE AND I GOT anger and blame nobody I was blind. I did that myself. I stuck around it because depression fitted me there and you mean, and I didn't act and choose to act like I should have
Wes Smith: Yeah, that a lot of that's on me. I'm my own worst enemy. In the end, yeah. I mean, ain't nobody when nothing to me or
Wes Smith: Did I would make sure I'd let you know. I mean, even then I'd sound crazy, but I mean, I did a lot of this to myself, but I don't want you guys ever feel like I'm leaving again at least say something to you guys next time I'm never just say, by not say nothing.
Richelle Direny: I mean, listen, like you said you you owe it to yourself sobriety belongs to you. If you want it maintaining that sobriety belongs to you. If you want it. The journey is there for you to to be traveled and to maintain
Richelle Direny: But again, it's you know the the drug, whether it's heroin, whether it's pills, whether you know opiates alcohol. It doesn't matter what it is.
Richelle Direny: When it's all said and done, it is you know you're using it.
Richelle Direny: To suppress or to help you to get through and to cope with.
Right.
Richelle Direny: Whatever it is that you're going through, um, it's kind of like it's kind of like when I think about and I use this with someone else. It's kind of like, okay, so like you smoke you smoke cigarette.
Wes Smith: And
Wes Smith: A lot of the times.
Richelle Direny: It's, it's, you do it because you're anxious or you just need something to help calm you down or, you know, just kind of take the edge off on
Richelle Direny: It that is it that. Oh, I like the whole idea of going like this is it.
Richelle Direny: How
Wes Smith: About just habit versus as a habit versus
You know,
Wes Smith: Habit versus, you know what was another word. I was about to use was good. You're asking me is it just that, you know, some of it just a habit. I feel like
Richelle Direny: It's a combination of skills as you develop a habit over time in order to develop or two to
Richelle Direny: Start a new habit.
Wes Smith: Or you're tasting Comrie, or you mean like chasing a euphoric, like, you know,
Richelle Direny: Well, so, so it's it's a combination. Like you're you're chasing like this euphoric high but then with like, so I'm using the example like with cigarette smoking.
Richelle Direny: Wall, you're not getting your fork high off of
Wes Smith: Smoking. No, no.
Richelle Direny: I mean, I'm not a smoker. I know that you're not getting a high office. What it does, it just helps you. It's like, it helps you like you're smoking you're concentrating it puts you in a place where it calms you down. It focuses you so it does something to you.
Richelle Direny: So last ever habit you develop. So with the cigarette or the smoking. This is what it does, it focuses you, it helps to stabilize you, it helps to calm you down. It helps you
Richelle Direny: To be able to somewhat concentrate on it. So you develop this habit of doing it, is it that you like.
Richelle Direny: The whole idea of lighting a cigarette, putting it to your mouth puffing IT IS THAT WHAT IS THAT IS THAT WHAT YOU'RE, LIKE, does it taste like Sugar. Does it taste like candy know what it
Richelle Direny: Is you're addicted to the caffeine, because what this does the nicotine everything within the cigarette this habit. What it does, it's connected to you needing having this overwhelming need to decrease your anxiety. If
Wes Smith: It's to
Richelle Direny: Decrease the fatigue, it is to stop the racing thoughts. That's what you develop the habit to do
Richelle Direny: Is to stop what is going on on the inside because what's going on the inside. You're losing control and you need you need to regain control so
Richelle Direny: Regain control you have taught yourself and you will have learned for you. One of the things that you use to regain control is oh, maybe I'll, I'll do a cigarette. It's kind of like our bodies.
Richelle Direny: Like, I feel for something sweet. So what do you do you find anything you find anything like sometimes I know I'm a creature. I don't
Richelle Direny: If I don't have candy. I'll go get like I have honey. Like I use honey and I'll go get my finger put in honey and and I like the honey.
Richelle Direny: What I just need my body feels for something sweet. So I just need to address. Whatever it is that my body is craving for in this your body so we develop this habit for smoking, simply because I need to decrease
Richelle Direny: The stress, I need to be able to focus. I need to be able to concentrate. I'm feeling my body is shaking the fatigue is taking over. I'm losing control and I really need to regain control. So what is a way that I've learned to gain control. This is what I do.
Wes Smith: And oh,
Richelle Direny: Hi hmm
Wes Smith: You got that is very complex. And to tell you the truth, I don't think I have a good answer for that right now. Like, I'm trying to take baby steps like you're right.
Wes Smith: I think
Richelle Direny: About it in everything you take baby steps in every single thing you take baby steps.
Richelle Direny: And you learning what what is it, why do I do this is to understand it. And so, like you said, through cycle therapy through counseling.
Richelle Direny: You learn to understand your body you learn to understand ultimately your mind. That's why you call it cycle fair. It's understand like, what is going on in my mind, what are the different signals that's going out in my mind. Have I learned. I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: Go ahead.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear what is it
Richelle Direny: No, I said, so what is the question.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, through life. Have you learned how to
Richelle Direny: Cope with different stressors, anything that's thrown at you. Have you learned in. Yes.
Wes Smith: Little NGO certain has nothing. However,
Richelle Direny: You're breaking up.
Sir,
Wes Smith: Are you there. I'm
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I'm there, I'm you were just you were breaking up. Go ahead, see what you're saying.
I'm sorry.
Wes Smith: I said I'll sing with guys. I think a lot. That's me. Don't even know when I'm counseling group counseling, because I feel like you know I'm saying, and even if that
Wes Smith: Thing that I'm working for. I feel like subconsciously that counseling, go to a certain size me and helps in a certain way or do
Wes Smith: I said, I have the batch of right now, but I will. I will. My phone is on 4% that are just charge
Wes Smith: It's free or not. I'm sorry, I'm on 4% but I'm staying on. There we go. It's back on chores, but I'm are certain things.
Wes Smith: I said, subconsciously, it probably goes to that helps me but
Wes Smith: I can't really name them right now. And I feel like a lot of it does come from depressions and habits.
Wes Smith: But, um,
Richelle Direny: It's being
Richelle Direny: It's being able to identify
Richelle Direny: As being able to identify what are those things that makes you feel low like what are those
Richelle Direny: You know, sometimes I come. Mm.
Richelle Direny: Hmm.
Wes Smith: Is like that should be one of my goals. Learning to identify certain
Wes Smith: Here, I mean, trying to find identify those things.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Wes Smith: I'm sorry this phone is got a messed up cord and I've got to find my other court. I just don't know where it's at.
Wes Smith: 4%
Richelle Direny: I'm sorry, its own files and now I just want to
Wes Smith: Know, I got a Samsung Android, it's a it's a totally
Wes Smith: My other phone but broke. I broke it.
Wes Smith: And I got my I got my card. My SIM card from my old number my 732 O number. It's just I gotta get another straight talk phone and put it in there and then I'll have it back on. But for now I got, I gave them my new number
Wes Smith: Which is a 513 something 7215 I think
Richelle Direny: Okay hold on one second. I'm going to check to see
Richelle Direny: What, what is your goal for you. What would you say that is something that because looking back at your initial bio that you did with God.
Richelle Direny: What is something that you would like to this time around in your treatment. What is it that you would like to work on.
Wes Smith: identifying those certain things, identifying certain
Wes Smith: You know pillars of, you know, I mean, that's a that's that's holding up this problem, you know, I mean, this problem I have, you know, I mean, I'm trying to identify it.
Wes Smith: But this time is to stick with you guys and to not just, I'm not going to do that again. I, I want to stay on point. Get a job and get my life together and
Richelle Direny: So you're saying we
Richelle Direny: Want to app you want to work the program.
Richelle Direny: But outside of just getting program. You want to be able to work through it and apply what your triggers are
Wes Smith: Exactly, yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: And so pretty much pick apart and understand, you know, I mean, you're right. Everyone at some point, you know, have listen if you work in if your employer tell you they not paying you today and you got your bills paid that's immediate depression.
Richelle Direny: That's automatic flowing through everybody that
Richelle Direny: When you are you sick and you can't go to work. That's immediate depression.
So,
Richelle Direny: So everybody if no one is is a
Richelle Direny: real person.
Richelle Direny: Hmm.
Wes Smith: Got the front, not like everybody
Richelle Direny: Everybody experiences, depression, anxiety,
Richelle Direny: Other. The only difference is that some people they it becomes out of control. It becomes something that governs your life. It takes over.
Richelle Direny: Your whole being, and you don't know how to control and how to deal with it. So now it's working on identifying what for you are those triggers to get into those depressed mode where you're not able to function where it interferes with your day to day life. That's what it is. What
Richelle Direny: It is a day.
Richelle Direny: When it gets it starts to affect your day to day functioning when you can't get out of bed. You can't do anything, it becomes
Richelle Direny: crippling anxiety when it becomes crippling when it becomes an issue where in like for you or for anyone else when you go to an outside source or an outside entity to help you to get through your day. And so that's when so so it's working through identifying those triggers.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Let's
Wes Smith: Do one
Richelle Direny: Let's see.
Richelle Direny: So tomorrow at 12 or six o'clock either time. Um, let's see if we can add you
Richelle Direny: Do you want to do the 16th at I'm
Richelle Direny: At seven
Wes Smith: Individual
Richelle Direny: He yeah
Wes Smith: So you're out. You're asking me individually.
Richelle Direny: Snow. No.
Richelle Direny: No, don't take that back, take that back. Let's do we can't do it for today's Wednesday, right, let's do the 20th at. Yep.
Richelle Direny: Let's do the 25th at for
Wes Smith: April 20 at four.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's a Monday.
Wes Smith: Okay, so, April 20 at four o'clock. I'm punching on in now.
Richelle Direny: I'll send you a
Wes Smith: Yeah.
Wes Smith: Yeah, just
Richelle Direny: So you're still in Ohio. Now, right.
Wes Smith: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Alright, so I have you scheduled. I'll get the confirmation and I'll let you know if the the 20th at 4pm what type of session that's going to be OK.
Wes Smith: OK.
Wes Smith: OK, so I'll see
I'll see you tomorrow.
Richelle Direny: I'll see you tomorrow. And then 12 or six
Yes.
Wes Smith: at 4pm
Richelle Direny: For the 20th
Wes Smith: Yep.
Wes Smith: Gotcha. Okay. All right, I'll see you tomorrow.
Richelle Direny: All right then. Have a good one.
Wes Smith: You too.
Wes Smith: Be good.
Richelle Direny: eats it.
Richelle Direny: I see somebody again.
Richelle Direny: I see you
Patrick S: Walk.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay, okay, how is it. Um, now that you're because of the fact that you're home a lot now.
Richelle Direny: Like, do you find yourself going out in the community to walk around.
Patrick S: Well we yeah we leave the house and walk every day. Um, we got a routine where we go to the Salvation Army and get watch because my wife loves takeout and it feels like takeout.
Patrick S: That's that I'd really care. I'd rather not. But she insists on it.
Richelle Direny: What I'm getting take out
Patrick S: No, it's a free launch the Salvation Army
Patrick S: And she just loves going there and
Richelle Direny: It's free. Yeah.
Patrick S: It's free.
Richelle Direny: We
Patrick S: We go and we meet them outside and they hand us a plastic bag with to like take out
Patrick S: Boxes and to waters.
Richelle Direny: Hmm.
Patrick S: I don't think it's safe. But she
Patrick S: Know, she wants to
Richelle Direny: Oh, you said that you pay for. Well, you mean the food that you're getting
Patrick S: Well, yeah, it's I just, I don't care to do it, but
Patrick S: She's she likes to so we do
Richelle Direny: Mean, I guess, look at it from her point. Is it because I'm
Richelle Direny: can maximize on spending.
Richelle Direny: You can maximize on what you spend to buy food.
Patrick S: Oh no she she likes it because somebody else made it and it feels like take up
Richelle Direny: Hey, listen, you can wrong her for how she looks at things right.
Patrick S: No, I don't.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so you're the only one going on a walk.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Hold on, I'm trying to come up here because I want to also with everyone a meeting with them going over their treatment plan.
Richelle Direny: I know I just wanted to, to, to look at yours. I know one of the things that I'm
Richelle Direny: Signing in because I know one of the things you want to work on with like your own your spirituality and your kind of your reconnection with God. And as it's related to your recovery.
Richelle Direny: How has that been for you.
Patrick S: Well, they
Patrick S: All churches are cancelled.
Patrick S: I'm
Patrick S: Fine. Yeah, my wife. She likes to watch
Patrick S: This sermon online, but we just got phones. We don't got a computer and I can't stay focused. I don't do it.
Richelle Direny: Is very hard. It's very hard to stay
Patrick S: Well,
Patrick S: I read the Psalms in the Bible, fewer day
Richelle Direny: while you've been doing that daily
Patrick S: Yeah. Well, not every day, but most days I read a few Psalms.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, you do it with her. You just do it by yourself.
Patrick S: By myself.
Patrick S: It's been rough. It would be nice if we could go to meetings, but
Patrick S: We, you know, we can't
Patrick S: I don't know why we don't do them outside
Richelle Direny: What the meetings.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Well, you mean like the A meetings and things of that nature.
Patrick S: Yeah, it'd be cool if we did some outside a meeting.
Richelle Direny: I mean it's kind of hard because it's still, you know, the whole social distancing and all that.
Yeah.
Patrick S: It'd be it'd be really good for a slow
Patrick S: Being
Patrick S: locked away from the world going to
Patrick S: It'd be good, but it's impossible.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I mean, if it's
Richelle Direny: I know there's some places, there are some churches where whether it's Celebrate Recovery and I know you weren't really big on that idea because of the feeling of maybe judgment or what have you. But then it's Celebrate Recovery of Christian perspective.
Richelle Direny: So pretty much everyone in it. And I think how I understand the ones that they have at the church is
Richelle Direny: That it's it's everyone mixed up. So it's not like just alcohol opiates or or whatever, it's everything.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, gambling, no matter what it is. So is everyone coming together.
Richelle Direny: To look pretty much
Richelle Direny: Recovery pretty much the
Richelle Direny: Other thing is that they're doing a lot more online. Everything is more going online.
Richelle Direny: Which is probably better for you know or you prefer just being able to go out and interact with people.
Patrick S: Oh,
Patrick S: Yeah I would prefer interesting, I guess. But at same time I want it right now. You know, I'm we've been as safe as possible.
Patrick S: Well,
Patrick S: Except for the going and getting that free lunch. I don't know how safe. That is
Patrick S: This tape as possible.
Richelle Direny: Why is the meal. Good.
Patrick S: I mean, a kind of sometimes, sometimes it's not. But it's probably nutritious, which is good for us.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: What have you been to. I think the last time we talked, we were kind of going through like practical ways
Richelle Direny: On how you can, you know, just kind of restructure your budget and kind of how you do things. I know. Like, even with this movie talks about smoking and even in this time with the health pandemics, let's just recap looking at overall your health and
Richelle Direny: You know, how can you be mindful. And how can you do things to safeguard yourself.
Patrick S: Oh,
Patrick S: Well, I guess for health. We're going on walks and definitely washing our hands and sanitizing stuff like today, I went to drive through I gotta drive to gas station. I got a carton of cigarettes.
Patrick S: I got 20 ounce Coke and then a 32 ounce body armor thing for hydration and went home and I
Patrick S: Use the sanitizing wipes and wipe down all the stuff we got
Patrick S: Arm I might wash my hands before wipe shut down. But then I wiped down to that I wiped the Sikh I'm
Patrick S: knobs for turning the water on the door knobs house front door front and back.
Patrick S: Then, hello. And it's a hard over the steering wheel.
Patrick S: But we've been taking
Patrick S: The morning
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but you're breaking up a little bit. You just don't know. You just started walking through a patchy area because
You're breaking up.
Patrick S: Those traffic that's it, but
Patrick S: We're
Patrick S: Seeking morning vitamin C and vitamin D.
Patrick S: M.
Patrick S: For right now.
Patrick S: I'm
Patrick S: Really good day and it's because my bathroom is is trash from
Patrick S: I didn't add a good roof over the bathroom in my house and I got some major water damage. Then I was lazy and didn't fix the dryer hosts. So every time or in the dryer and they won't entire bathroom got sweaty.
Patrick S: Well,
Patrick S: I replace the dryer hose and actually for years and it works perfect so like pissed myself or Rooney bathroom because I just didn't go and do some easy to
Patrick S: Say I started scraping the paint in the bathroom, the plaster on the ceiling does vary the mold and we're just chillin in the house, you know,
Patrick S: I didn't finish getting all the paint scrape and all that, but I'm like doing something productive. I think had a huge thing and my
Patrick S: My good like really good day.
Patrick S: You know,
Richelle Direny: Okay. And do you think that for you.
Richelle Direny: See
Richelle Direny: I'm in. Did you tell for today. You said that you had a pretty productive day and doing everything
Richelle Direny: Is this something that if you were working, would you have been able to do all that you got done today.
Patrick S: No, because I work every day. I just never feel like doing
Patrick S: Anything real. I mean, besides the dishes and bad me cuming and tightening the house i don't i don't like
Patrick S: I don't know, working every day for me. I don't feel like doing around the house when I were because I worked so much
Patrick S: And my wife's to say goodbye.
Patrick S: So what's kind of cool like
Patrick S: Gas Law trend in the House why needs painted. So we're going to do that if we have the money.
Patrick S: Yeah, there's tons of stuff to do the house that I can do, but it also costs money. So I don't know. I'll probably just um
Patrick S: There was some kills
Patrick S: Primer. Primer on the walls, if there's more
Patrick S: Than pain it again.
Patrick S: That should take care of it, but
Patrick S: There's
Patrick S: An extra $600 a week on
Richelle Direny: Your unemployment.
Patrick S: Walter yeah they stand in the weeds but they're saying there's rumors that we're in an extra $600 on point that
Patrick S: And somebody told me it's because
Patrick S: Farmers aren't able to grow.
Patrick S: Right now, or they're not able to like go and get buy stuff that they need, because of social distancing
Patrick S: I'm saying, like everything is going to be crazy expensive to eat groceries. So we're supposed to get an extra $600 a week.
Patrick S: But I, you know,
Patrick S: Like we haven't got our first check. So I don't know if that's true.
Richelle Direny: Well, I don't think anybody who's gotten a check, yet.
Patrick S: Yeah, no.
Patrick S: I'm that 1200 dollar stimulus. We haven't got yet. I talked to unemployment myself and I owe them about 18 1900 dollars from
Patrick S: quitting my job when I when I was when I had an unemployment thing open, and saying, I got fired or lie saying they let me go because I was working through attempt service.
Patrick S: So like I had to repay him 3500 and or 3000 guess and
Patrick S: So I was paying 125 a month before the coronavirus thing.
Patrick S: So they're saying
Patrick S: That they're gonna take half of my unemployment until
Patrick S: Until they're paid back
Richelle Direny: Man. So how are you supposed to survive if they do that.
Patrick S: Oh, I don't know. Yeah. Well, my wife.
Patrick S: Now that $600 an hour a week like they're saying, that'll get paid off in three weeks.
Patrick S: Or
Patrick S: Six weeks.
Patrick S: If we if we did that x 600 whatever but my wife's getting on the phone.
Patrick S: And I saw
Patrick S: That
Patrick S: I looked on the internet for work. You can do online and I haven't done it yet because
Patrick S: We're waiting to see what's going on and find employment or whatever. But, um, because I don't know if we're allowed to subsidize like you used to in the past.
Patrick S: But there's bookkeeping. I could do
Patrick S: And
Patrick S: You don't need to happen.
Richelle Direny: With your job are you completely are like both of you laid off permanently or you're just like, kind of front load until
Patrick S: We have returned of work day but I said there was just a day ever given us. They all know for coming back.
Patrick S: Because like we have a my factories all auto parts and like GM and then are going to be doing half like hospital stuff for a little bit, but our I don't see our factory doing anything for hospital parts.
Patrick S: So I don't know.
Richelle Direny: So what about um so in the meantime, like with your wife is she able to do like Instacart or Amazon or anything like that.
Patrick S: I do our work at the Salvation Army
Patrick S: I know I do. Oh, she's I don't think she's anything right now.
Richelle Direny: Oh, she just wants to chill out for a little while.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So what are your thoughts about that.
Patrick S: Well, I'm like,
Patrick S: I guess I'm just relax and to
Patrick S: A taken as it as it comes a
Patrick S: See what happens with that first unemployment shag what they take
Patrick S: If we need to do what will, I'll say we got to figure out a more money.
Patrick S: Oh, I don't like right now, we're not focusing on that.
Richelle Direny: Now you're just you're able, you're just doing what you need to do to get things where it needs to be. We're getting the house, whatever you can get done around the house now.
Patrick S: Marble marble side up right now. So there's a
Patrick S: And we don't have to pay the mortgage for three months. I called you got that taken care of.
Patrick S: And
Patrick S: They said we could even
Patrick S: And I call gas.
Patrick S: Power companies I couldn't get ahold of the core in Peoria ought to try that again about the child support.
Patrick S: But yeah, we're
Richelle Direny: Going to be closed right now.
Patrick S: Yeah. Yeah, that's what I Benton
Richelle Direny: Yeah, they're probably going to be closed because of the
Richelle Direny: Until they get
Richelle Direny: People think situated in that aspect that's probably going to be closed. Um, and I don't think anyone. I don't think they're working from home to the sense where it's anything pressing that they need to, you know, if you reach out to them that someone will call you back to let you know.
Patrick S: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I mean I wouldn't say that they're not going to you know there. There's no they're not going to penalize you. But at this time.
Richelle Direny: Excuse me, I doubt that there wasn't like if you call, do you, where are you able to leave a message.
Richelle Direny: Not
Patrick S: The thing I call I couldn't leave a message. I'll
Patrick S: Try again tomorrow because I was last week I called him but
Patrick S: I'll get another shot and see if I can get ahold of somebody
Richelle Direny: Oh, for the arm to try to see if you could get any a sit down to be able to where you're not penalizing you're not being penalized for
Patrick S: Jobs.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I would definitely
Richelle Direny: Reach out to them and hear what they say. Because sometimes I know sometimes some places might say, Well, did you try calling, could you leave a message because then maybe they check it every now and again, or they find a way to you know put things on if they don't see that initiation
Patrick S: Yeah.
Patrick S: Cuz I
Patrick S: I was trying to
Patrick S: Get that paid back
Richelle Direny: Support or just, I'm just a regular monthly payment.
Patrick S: For this pay monthly and like I'm behind so
Patrick S: Like I was gonna try to pay to two payments, Mom. But then this whole thing up.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you're gonna make a double payment.
Patrick S: I'll try to do this for a long time. I wasn't working. Like there's like
Patrick S: And then she would have problems with
Patrick S: Twitter tab service so
Patrick S: That's not always guaranteed you get let go, even though
Patrick S: Sometimes. But, uh, so like there's
Patrick S: Times like months where she
Patrick S: Worked and then she was out of work for two weeks. So we get behind. Then there was like two and a half months where she just wasn't working all over the summer. And then her daughter stayed with us and that was crazy. It didn't work out.
Richelle Direny: Daughter
Patrick S: She's 17
Patrick S: But that was another mouth to feed and it was just me, but I was mostly working seven days a week, so
Patrick S: Like we got we paid. Most of our bills, but I would get behind on child support.
Patrick S: So when she started working where I work through time service. She's getting big checks again. So we're we made one double payment but but she was only there about five weeks before the coronavirus thing happened.
Richelle Direny: So she went back home.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'm trying to find your
Patrick S: I'm looking, I might look into the bookkeeping, to see if I can do that.
Richelle Direny: Bookkeeping
Patrick S: Yeah. No, I've never done it before, but I took accounting in college one class.
Patrick S: So I have a basic idea of how to do it.
Patrick S: 20 years ago, but I'm good with numbers and
Patrick S: If I don't have anything else to do. I'm sure I can do about making any mistakes.
Patrick S: Like, that's all I have to focus on
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: I mean, I hope you continue to explore the different things. Because the thing is, because you don't know how long.
Richelle Direny: This is going to last and even with unemployment. I mean, you know, you don't. You don't know how long any of this or whatever is going to. So if you can do something to counteract and make up the difference. To be able to even put money aside. That's a good that will be a good thing.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It would be definitely something to think about.
Right.
Patrick S: I'm getting the generic subs again and
Patrick S: I got the good ones for a month.
And
Patrick S: We're going on walks and I didn't hurt, but soon as we so I switch back to the generic this week, like my body hurts.
Richelle Direny: Oh really,
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Did you tell, did you see Dr. On
Richelle Direny: Bravo.
Patrick S: Well, no, I had the appointment with them last Monday, not two days ago nine days ago and I told him I needed a generic because of money, so I won't see him again for another
Patrick S: Three weeks.
Patrick S: It's just something I'm gonna have to deal with.
Richelle Direny: But all one that's right because then you also for every visit, you have to pay a fee, right, because I was gonna say maybe you could just check in with him. So let him know how how it's making you feel
Patrick S: Well, I mean, there's not that I'm not gonna pay the $70 a week for the better ones when it's only for the
Patrick S: Ones that aren't as good
Patrick S: Right now, at this time, I can't afford it. So I'll just deal with
Richelle Direny: What about we could I Rex, you can't use good Rx to see if you could get a little cheaper.
Patrick S: Oh,
Patrick S: I don't think so.
Patrick S: Now have my insurance.
Patrick S: Yeah, it's, it's a
Patrick S: It's only thing. It's really an issue with his pain.
Patrick S: Yeah.
Patrick S: I feel more
Patrick S: Like the other ones feel better. But really, like, the only thing that's
Patrick S: Real bad apartment is like body pain.
Richelle Direny: And that's what the side effect that you're feeling with the generic brand.
Patrick S: Yeah, because they're not they because I don't know why it's just they're not as good.
Patrick S: I mean I'm 40 and labor, my whole life. So, my body's gonna hurt, but you just can't tell it with the name brands, the box and you like it hurts a little but it's a
Patrick S: Bad a big deal at all. But when I'm when I got the generic ones and we go on a three mile walk. My back's killing me. But it's me. Oh.
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean, think about it for a second, though. Patrick was through my head. When was the last time you went on a three mile walk
Patrick S: Oh,
Patrick S: Not for a while, but my job takes is more of a pain on my body than walking
Richelle Direny: So, but you but either way it's always something new, you're introducing and if you're introducing something new. You have to basically proceed with caution. You have to. You can't just kind of throw yourself into him.
Patrick S: Right. Yeah, I know.
Richelle Direny: You know your your your body's gonna definitely respond to how
Richelle Direny: Know, once you introduced to it. And if you overexert yourself. It's definitely going to be a little bit more painful.
Right.
Richelle Direny: Do you I mean outside of walking like before you walk or if you're going to go on a three my walk. Do you guys at least stretch
Patrick S: No, no, no.
Richelle Direny: I mean you got a stretch for. It's kind of like when you are. You remember. I don't know if you played sports in in in in school.
Richelle Direny: But like before I
Richelle Direny: Did anything they always made you stretch because if you didn't, you're going to pay for it dearly afterwards.
Patrick S: Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: I mean, do you like are you guys coming up or you doing
Richelle Direny: Do you come up with like a routine a workout routine or are you just
Richelle Direny: Guys decided to, you know, let's take a walk or, let's do this. Let's do that. Is that
Richelle Direny: How you guys have been doing it.
Patrick S: We just said walk in their shoes on.
Richelle Direny: Just kind of enjoying the day as it comes and just using the moment
Yep.
Richelle Direny: Like in and it goes so that takes me into one of the goals that you want it to work on and we can touch on that. It's like, improving your relationship with your spouse. It's like coming up with
Richelle Direny: 20 that you guys have that time where you're not really there's no real interruption with work.
Richelle Direny: If there's no, like the obligation of getting up every day and the monotony of the day of going to work and doing all this stuff. Now, you mentioned down
Richelle Direny: And the side. Okay, you know what, we're going to give each other some alone time
Richelle Direny: I'll make whether it's in the morning in the afternoon, whatever that time is we have a long time and then maybe in the evening, if that's better. It's that that's the time that you guys are spending together.
Richelle Direny: And what does that look like whether it's going on a walk, whether it's cleaning whatever it is that you're doing. But I think now is that time where it's not like you.
Patrick S: Have children at
Richelle Direny: Home young children at home.
Richelle Direny: Now, you guys can
Richelle Direny: Just really improve your communication if that's something that needs to be worked on on your time management, if that's something
Richelle Direny: You, ultimately, there's this word understanding each other's love language and start identifying what's her love language, even though it's not yours. But it's speaking
Richelle Direny: You know, you, you're granted that opportunity now.
Richelle Direny: To do that as your home together.
Yeah.
Patrick S: Oh, he likes me to go in and wake her up.
Patrick S: Instead of just come out come out and play video games and she asked me to spend
Patrick S: The first hour with her instead of me playing video games. Soon as I wake up.
Patrick S: And
Patrick S: So on. I you know I'm learning that that's what's to me first thing
Richelle Direny: So when you wake up in the morning. So you're saying that you're early riser.
Patrick S: Oh, I have been getting up to
Patrick S: Three times so I usually do wake up.
Patrick S: Lately I've been waking up an hour before her, and I usually do go and play a little video game and
Patrick S: But I tried to make sure so that i wake her up because she likes me Chrome back in bed with her and love and honor
Patrick S: She likes waking up.
Patrick S: To
Richelle Direny: Her love language, which is called
Richelle Direny: What is it call
Richelle Direny: physical touch or something like that.
Patrick S: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's, that's what it's called. If that's what her love language.
Richelle Direny: Even though it doesn't do anything for you in that moment. It's not about you, it's about what she likes and
Richelle Direny: Spending any of your love language is that you want alone time. It doesn't matter what she wants. In that moment, that's your love language. You just want some time and if, and that's just sending it if you know you want quiet time and you just want it maybe an hour.
Richelle Direny: For the day, it's just saying hey you know what
Richelle Direny: At this time, you know, I will allow you, your time.
Richelle Direny: To just reset.
Richelle Direny: Just sit with yourself.
Richelle Direny: Think about what
Richelle Direny: You do with your time and if if your time alone is spending, video games, playing video games, then that's fine you just wouldn't overdo it in that moment.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: Let's just identifying what is she like what do you like and things that you guys could do together because the reality of it is like what they say there's five love languages.
Richelle Direny: You speak all of them is just that there are some that stands out more than the others.
Richelle Direny: There's one there. There's like acts of service it for her.
Richelle Direny: She likes like if you you wake her up and she gets up and coffee is made and you know you guys are, you know, that's that service you're doing
These
Patrick S: Free
Richelle Direny: And so those are little things that you can do.
Richelle Direny: Building and working on. It's being intentional. It's being a little bit more aware but I think this time being at home. Definitely affords you the opportunity to be able to do that.
Yeah.
Patrick S: Yeah, no, no. It's every we've gotten a couple times where we had away from each other.
Patrick S: And it's always because I
Patrick S: played video games.
Patrick S: Too long.
Patrick S: Arm
Patrick S: And that's, that's her off.
Patrick S: Or ignored or on
Patrick S: Both times we got and like bird were to LA for
Patrick S: A walk and
Patrick S: I got mad, so I
Patrick S: Had a fight, I end up needing because because house needs it, but
Patrick S: That's
Richelle Direny: Okay. I mean, and so, and this is where you learn from each other. So like if there are things that you do or you say to her.
Richelle Direny: Or she does or say to you, and it kind of upsets you are aggravates you is for you to stop and reset and really think about, you know, what is it that, what is it that she said that really truly was irritating to me.
Richelle Direny: What was it that was said that was frustrating to me. And how is it that we can sit down, have this conversation. So for instance,
Richelle Direny: Like maybe for her. You said that she doesn't really care for the video games like you know you're spending time. And so maybe an argument will brew out of that.
Richelle Direny: Why is the argument brewing out of it. Is it the fact that she hates to see you playing video games at all or is it that she just feels that you spent a great deal of time playing video games.
Patrick S: Or she she feels I spend a great deal of time and she also
Patrick S: She says that there's nothing she likes more than me. And she feels like I like playing video games more than spending time or thurs sometimes
Richelle Direny: So how do you think
Richelle Direny: Based on sold like so it's it's really we get upset, but then sometimes we have to stop and really analyze what is really upsetting in this moment is it that well she's saying that
Richelle Direny: You really truly love the video game more than her. No, it's more, it's it or is it. Do you love her. The video game more than you love her. No, it's just that.
Richelle Direny: The time management is what's creating the argument if there is
Richelle Direny: You guys. The tension is not so much about you playing the video game. The act of you playing the video game or the act of you not spending it is your time management.
Richelle Direny: And it's just saying if you wake up in the morning and if all you're doing is at if you wake up at nine and you're on the video game and you're on the video game till 12 and you are not paying any attention to her and or you're not even acknowledging her very existence then
Richelle Direny: You just need to get better time management is that you come up with an idea and says, you know what
Richelle Direny: whatever time you will play that video game because that's your time alone and you play the video game after that it's just saying, Okay, what was it that you want us to do. Let's do something together, whether it's let's take a walk together hold hands and, you know,
Richelle Direny: Whatever you can you
Richelle Direny: Walk the sightseeing people watch, whatever that is.
Richelle Direny: Whatever it is that she wants to do.
Richelle Direny: That you're devoting this time and attention for her.
Patrick S: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And if you do, I think that if you make that intentionality and you put that time and you invest that time with her. It's good. And sometimes, you know, maybe for her.
Richelle Direny: Sometimes I find. And granted, she's not here, but sometimes I find that if it is that, hey, I don't really care about video games, but maybe if she sits there and says, hey, let me play with you that's time spent together. I've seen
Richelle Direny: They decide to play the video game together that's time spent together, but it's not using taking advantage and saying, Oh, let's play this video game hours on end now.
Richelle Direny: Because now you're joining my world. No, but it's more or less, you know, since she's taking that time to to join to come into my world. Let me find a way that I can go into her world. So for you.
Richelle Direny: You personally don't care to go to the goodwill and get the food because you're skeptical about the stuff, but for her.
Richelle Direny: Together, you guys are going on this venture
Richelle Direny: To get something together and you're having a meal together for her.
Richelle Direny: You're just having this informed conversation and you're saying, hey, listen, I will go with you. But these are my concern and having those those real conversations
Richelle Direny: About what is it that bothers you about going to the goodwill. If you come to if you come to find like okay well they're doing all of the they have all their protective gears on what they're doing.
Richelle Direny: And he'll. Okay, let's do this together. Ultimately, it saves us money. Um, and you guys could come to some type of common ground and agree on something.
Richelle Direny: I'm sure she will appreciate that you say Hey hon. You know what, it's 10 o'clock. We got to get up. We got to get in there in time so we can be in the line at a certain time. I'm sure she'll appreciate that.
Richelle Direny: To truly appreciate that. So it's just identifying what is it that this person is saying. And if you're not clear.
Richelle Direny: I have that conversation. So you're clear about what it is that the frustration is or what did they said they are saying and seeing how now you can work together. Like I said, you have uninterrupted time
Richelle Direny: You, you, you're not going to work. This is your time and your opportunity to do that because what better time than it now because when you go back to work.
Richelle Direny: Both are you both are in the grind.
Patrick S: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Not to say that I'm encouraging smoking.
Richelle Direny: But you say that that's something that you guys do together you smoking you drink a cup of coffee together.
Patrick S: Morning.
Patrick S: Coffee for the first couple hours cigarette.
Richelle Direny: Will still drink coffee.
Patrick S: Well,
Patrick S: The normal amount of
Richelle Direny: You say you drink you drink a lot
Patrick S: Yeah I drink a lot. She drinks the normal amount
Richelle Direny: I'm just saying, you know, those are the suggestions in terms of being able to identify
Richelle Direny: From both aspects, what works and what doesn't.
Richelle Direny: Another thing in spending time together. I know you said you're Catholic and she is. I mean both kind of fall under Christianity but she's more of the of the Pentecostal faith. You said right and you're more
Richelle Direny: The Catholic faith coming to a common ground and saying, Hey, you know, you don't want to go in two different directions. How can you both come together.
Richelle Direny: Where it's one common thing you're both working on your spiritual life. And together, watching something together and having that discussion about what you've learned
Richelle Direny: You said in reading Psalms. Do you guys read it together.
Oh,
Patrick S: I mean all maybe I should suggest that we do.
Patrick S: She has a app. She's got Bible app where she prays every night and every morning or whatever they give her and she reads that and then
Patrick S: And some sometimes I'll sit buyer and look over our shoulder and look at it, but
Patrick S: I
Richelle Direny: Wish. She has the new version app.
Patrick S: She's got some Bible app. I don't know.
Patrick S: I can't
Patrick S: She's got an app that I was gonna get but it took too much.
Patrick S: Too much data or something on my phone. So it's on your resume.
Richelle Direny: Oh, OK. OK. OK. Um, maybe that's something that you can do. I remember someone saying that if you really don't know like what to read in the Bible. You can start off with, let's say you read Proverbs, or you read Psalm. And so, like say say today is April today's what the eighth
Richelle Direny: April. So you'll read Psalms Chapter eight today.
Patrick S: Yeah, that's a that's actually what the priests encourage us to do.
Patrick S: Not specifically the song for that day. But he said,
Patrick S: Like you haven't really read the Bible, he told us to start or Psalms. So that's why I went there.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you just start up. I've heard, I heard it more so with proverbs because Proverbs is more like it gives a lot more wisdom and understanding to certain things.
Richelle Direny: So I've heard it with proverbs. If you haven't, you know, if you haven't, if you want to read the Bible, or you want. You don't know where to start. Like you'll say, okay, Proverbs, chapter eight, that's what you will read some. I mean, there's some chapters that are shorter than others.
Richelle Direny: But like if you decide you want to read you know you could maybe meditate on that throughout the day. So in the morning you'll you'll read it and maybe revisit it again.
Richelle Direny: At some point in the day, or you wouldn't hurt this at this time. That's something you could do with her.
Richelle Direny: Hey, let's read this together this reverse together. She brings up her phone. Her you version and you guys read it together, or she has a Bible devotion on the you version that is just devoted just to you and her. Maybe a good arm thing that you can do is
Richelle Direny: You could probably over coffee in the morning. If that's your routine, a part of that routine is just that you both of you read it together.
Patrick S: And talk about it.
Richelle Direny: If that's something that she likes, maybe that's something that you guys could do together.
Richelle Direny: That you to build your faith, um, while you work through both of your working through your faith in your spirituality. It's also helping to create this bond.
Richelle Direny: Or work through your relationship, you know, just time spent together.
Richelle Direny: That's definitely something that you can do.
Patrick S: Also, we're doing a great job right now because I know in the area crime isn't like big right now.
Patrick S: Might be down, but the mastic
Richelle Direny: Everybody home.
Patrick S: Yeah, domestic situation to going way up.
Patrick S: We've done pretty good I think.
Richelle Direny: You're hearing a lot a lot of domestic violence.
Patrick S: Yeah, that's what is in the news, but, uh,
Patrick S: Yeah, like, you know, if we had kids.
Patrick S: And might be different, but just two people spending so much time together every day not getting to see other people like it's very hard.
Richelle Direny: Very challenging
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: There's always a, is there a chance of why you can work on the relationship that's i'm saying is very important for all of what I'm saying, okay, we need some alone time we really truly need to own time.
Richelle Direny: So if my alone time is in the room watching TV, that's my little time.
Richelle Direny: If I gotta go take a walk by myself. That's a little Don't call me don't think I need to spend that time alone because you're right, spending all this time together.
Richelle Direny: You're going to hear a lot of things.
Richelle Direny: You're going to hear a lot of things you hear a lot of but then the cry, cry, maybe not be so much because everybody's too scared to go outside.
Richelle Direny: What you didn't. You didn't come to group on to
Richelle Direny: Your every other week.
Patrick S: Now right yeah I last week I just totally forgot about it.
Richelle Direny: You said last week. But then, and then this week.
Patrick S: Um, this week it was we went for a walk and I lost track of time. And then when we got back, uh, we just sat down for dinner. Um, I don't have. I don't have time because I
Patrick S: Like I knew it was happening, but the time didn't work out yesterday, but I was scheduled for last week and I totally slipped my mind forgot all about it.
Richelle Direny: Now with the with. I know that we have talked about it with you losing your job and kind of things being tight now. Um, I think we were meeting we you were doing.
Richelle Direny: We were meeting every week in terms of one week you did group one week you did individual right
Patrick S: Yeah. But now, if I could do once a month, that'd be better for his money for sure.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: So let's see. Do
Richelle Direny: You see Dr. Forever. What once a month.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, this is what I suggest, let's let's meet the end of this month and then after the end of this month we'll revisit and then like will start meeting, like the middle of every month.
Richelle Direny: Okay. What up every month. So let's do I'm is five, four or five o'clock, but I'm good for you.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, which one, four or five
Richelle Direny: Either. Okay, so let's do for
Richelle Direny: Four o'clock on the 29th.
Patrick S: Okay.
Richelle Direny: You set. So, I will see you on the 29th for individual and then that you could check in for group on Tuesday, and then we'll go from there. What is it for group every other week, or you could talk to Dr. For our goal to see how that works.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: I mean, you've been coming. What do you been doing, um,
Richelle Direny: Let's, let's do bi weekly for now with individuals once a month.
Richelle Direny: After night. We'll do individuals once a month we'll do groups bi weekly
Richelle Direny: OK, OK. And then if we continue with the consistency with the groups that we could just move it over to once a month. Let's do the bi. Um, let's see how the rest of this month in May goes and then after that, we can go monthly for groups.
Patrick S: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then. I'm Patrick so nice seeing you and I'll see you next week. Okay.
Patrick S: Yep.
Richelle Direny: All right, bye.
Bye.